Q9:
pixel intensity 1. simply & perform better 2. find solution not exist 3. Adapt to new data

Q10:
knn - non-parameterized
KNN is a non-parametric, lazy learning algorithm. Its purpose is to use a database in which the data points 
are separated into several classes to predict the classification of a new sample point.

Q11:
Underfitting:bias  not complex enough
Overfitting:variance  too complex

Q12 Q13:
To fix, Under: reduce weight decay or keep trainning etc. Over: DropOut Regualization Early Stop etc.

Q15:
using an iterative method is much more computationally efficient than using the closed form solution 
to the least squares problem        Matrix Inversion

Q16:
preserve spatial structure; less computations, weight sharing

Q17:
parameter sharing we use fixed size of filter (parameters)

Q18:
Spatially: Pooling; depth: change conv layersize(filter size?) 1*1 conv

Q19:
new_height = (input_height - filter_height + 2 * P)/S + 1
new_width = (input_width - filter_width + 2 * P)/S + 1
A conv layer with 2x2xdxd stride size 2

Q25: residual connection go deeper help with vanishing gradient problem

Q26:
DenseNet needs more memory

Q30:
The role of a region proposal net in an object detector is as follows :-
1)One main reason is automatic tagging is posible.
2)High quality region proposals are used by Fast R-CNN for detection.
3)The Region Proposal Network outputs the objectness score thatindicates whether the piece of image 
contains a background or is just a foreground object.
2-stage methods separate the object detection task into proposal and classification

Q31:
We need a fully convolutional neural network for semantic segmentation task because :-
1) It can efficiently learn to make dense predictions for per-pixel tasks like semantic segmentation.
2)It exceeds the most recent stage in the development of a product, incorporating the 
newest ideas and features without further machinery.

Q32:
As opposed to a convolutional neural net designed for image classification, 
you apply a fully convolutional net for semantic segmentation because of
1)Fine tuning
2)Dense prediction with convnets

Q33:
A transposed convolution plays the following role in semantic segmentation :-
1)Output image dimension is not dependent on the kernel size of the filter but increases 
by the number of times of mentioned   stride if transposed convolution is used.
2)In transpose convolution filter kernel doesn’t goes out of the input image dimensions
if it is in Valid padding.
Upsampling

Q34:
A skip connection in semantic segmentation does the following :-
1)We can recover more fine-grain detail with the addition of the skip connections.
2)They compensate the loss caused by downsampling.

Q35: 
In the case of autoencoder, there is just the input to the algorithm or the model, it 
tries to mimic the output as the input which is given to it. Thus we are not 
providing any output for each input and it is setting the target value as its input, 
thus it is an unsupervised learning algorithm.

Q36: 
The autoencoder tries to implement an identity function as the output of the 
encoder is the same as the input of the encoder, just that there are hidden layers 
present in the model which are getting trained to copy the output the same as that 
of the input. Thus as the output and input of the model are same thus the autoencoder 
tries to implement the identity function.

Q37: 
The variational autoencoder is termed as the generative model because it can generate 
random things. It includes generating music or fake human faces as well. Thus as the model
 can generate different things thus it is called the generative model.

Q38: 
This includes generators and discriminators. The generator keeps on finding and 
generating the signals and discriminator keeps on finding whether the signal is real 
or fake and thus after so iterations, discriminator won't be able to find the 
difference between the real and fake signals. Thus we can use a generator to create 
new realistic signals.
minimax game game theory

Q39:
GAN's model is more powerful because Generative adversarial networks(GAN's) provide much 
more robust results . The advantage of GANs at the moment is they are better at 
generating visual features (which really boils down to adversarial loss is better than 
mean-squared loss)

Q40:
Truncated Backpropagation Through Time (truncated BPTT) is a widespread method for 
learning recurrent computational graphs. Truncated BPTT keeps the computational benefits 
of Backpropagation Through Time (BPTT) while relieving the need for a complete backtrack
 through the whole data sequence at every step. However, truncation favors short-term
  dependencies: the gradient estimate of truncated BPTT is biased, so that it does 
  not benefit from the convergence guarantees from stochastic gradient theory.

Q41:
The staple technique for training feedforward neural networks is to back propagate error and update the network weights.
Backpropagation breaks down in a recurrent neural network, because of the recurrent or loop connections.
This was addressed with a modification of the Backpropagation technique called Backpropagation Through Time or BPTT.
Instead of performing backpropagation on the recurrent network as stated, the structure of the network is unrolled, where 
copies of the neurons that have recurrent connections are created. For example a single 
neuron with a connection to itself (A->A) could be represented as two neurons with the same weight values (A->B).
This allows the cyclic graph of a recurrent neural network to be turned into an acyclic 
graph like a classic feed-forward neural network, and Backpropagation can be applied.

Q42:
When Backpropagation is used in very deep neural networks and in unrolled recurrent neural networks, 
the gradients that are calculated in order to update the weights can become unstable.
They can become very large numbers called exploding gradients or very small numbers 
called the vanishing gradient problem. These large numbers in turn are used to update the weights in the network, making training unstable and the network unreliable.
This problem is alleviated in deep multilayer Perceptron networks through the use of 
the Rectifier transfer function, and even more exotic but now less popular approaches of using unsupervised pre-training of layers.

In recurrent neural network architectures, this problem has been alleviated using a new 
type of architecture called the Long Short-Term Memory Networks that allows deep recurrent networks to be trained.

Q43:
In order to generate caption for an image, Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is used along with Recurrent Neural Network (RNN). In order to do so, 
feed the image into a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for encoding, and run this encoding into a decoder 
Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) to generate a caption for an image.

Q44:
Student learn from teacher(trained model) NN have redundances.

Q45:
https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/261956/bilinear-map-and-differentiability